Yes, who's back?
I'm Shaq.
And he's here to host Nickelodeon Sports Theatre
with inspiring stories about kids, sports,
and what it takes to beat the odds.
Here, have a look.
In 1947, one man's triumph restores a young boy's dream.
I'm gonna play shortstop for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
You're gonna play for the Dodgers,
and I'm gonna be the president.
Don't let the ugliness outside destroy the beauty within you.
Nickelodeon Sports Theatre, catch it.
Nickelodeon Sports Theatre with Shaquille O'Neal.
Next Saturday night at 9, 8 central on Snake.
On Nick.
The only network for you.
Chips are hard.
A thousand chips, delicious.
From new Tyco RC, Tantrum.
The meanest radio control stunts to see you ever see.
With one-of-a-kind cyclone steering for out-of-control stunts.
You control bone-breaking backflips.
Unstoppable.
Tantrum.
Airborne twister action.
The matter it gets, the batter it gets, until it throws it all out.
Tantrum.
Use Tyco 60 Premium Pack for maximum stunt power.
From Tyco RC.
Battery pack required, sold separately.
My first trail ride was going nowhere.
Where's the steering wheel?
Pretend it's a bike with air and hang on.
I'm taking out there to fix breakfast with lots of Captain Crunch cereal.
Captain Crunch.
That sweet delicious crunch
that rip-snorting part of a balanced breakfast
gave our bunch the giddy-up we needed.
Come on.
Get it?
Got it.
Good riding. Have a seat.
Thanks. Already got one.
You and the Captain, make it happen.
Join Sticks Nickly out there
at the official grand opening
of the Nick in the Afternoon Shoot Gumball Hall of Fame.
This Wednesday on Nick in the Afternoon at 3 to Central.
Coming up next on Nick.
Snick with all new episodes of Rugrats.
All that and Canaan and Kel.
Plus Henry and June with...
Coblam!
So stay tuned for Snick.
Coming up next.
Keep your mittens off that remote. Come on.
We'll be introducing
luscious new combinations of our original riblets
paired with ooh-so-tender sirloin steak
or crispy golden chicken fingers
or classic Caesar salad.
Combos so good most people describe them as
outrageously juicy, tender and tangy,
meaty and hearty,
bodaciously good,
downright delicious original riblet combos.
No time to cling, call Marymades.
Marymades, call today for a free in-home estimate.
The squirms crawl in, the squirms crawl out,
the closer you step, the game ouch your mouth.
Yes, it squirms!
The new worm crawling game, so gross, it's totally good.
Get all your worms into the skull first
and you're the bona fide champ.
But watch out for the brain!
Now, once more with feeling.
The squirms crawl in, the squirms crawl out,
the closer you step, the game ouch your mouth.
I hate when that happens.
Squirms, the gross new game for partner brothers.
Casey Cartwheel really does cartwheels.
And I pop cartwheels.
Each sold separately.
You're smocking your shoes.
Wow.
Cheeto, it's great.
Cabbage patch kids, paint and faces kid
comes with everything you see here.
Each sold separately.
The rate of fun for every zone.
We have a right to express ourselves freely.
We have a right to mask spooktacular.
With mask tongue tug, target launch
and more scary stuff.
Like free mask squeeze heads.
We've paid a mission at participating locations
while supplies last.
Mask spooktacular, only at DZ.
Exercise, you're right!
Everyone loves tuggles
and now there are big tuggles too.
Big tuggles are giant, cuddly friends
who really walk.
New tuggles, you help her walk.
Each sold separately.
Ted says, keep the change.
Thank you, Mr. Chucky's dad.
Hey, Jazz.
Jazz's doing a little digging around the garden.
Can daddy have a lemonade, sweetheart?
Ten cents, please.
But daddy doesn't have any money with him.
Fine. We'll just go drink from the hose.
Okay, now you play here,
but don't bother Adjelica.
She's working very hard.
What's Angelica doing?
I don't know, Chucky,
but she says she's working very hard.
Maybe she wants money to buy a toy.
Maybe she wants to buy an airplane.
Or maybe, last night while we were sleeping
the whole world got turned upside down
and now the grown-ups play all day
and the kids go to work.
Or not.
It's because it's the funnest thing
more fun than playing in the mud
or eating worms.
You babies can't do it.
You're too weirdo.
I'm gonna have all this fun.
Oh, boy, myself.
You can't play lemonade,
no matter how much you beg me.
It doesn't look like fun to me.
Well, it is.
I mean, Chucky, Chucky, Chucky,
have I ever lied to you?
Well, there was that time
you told me that Spike was my brother.
Time to play lemonade.
Okay, let's go.
And the time you told me
Rox was food at the...
We'll be ten cents, please.
Hi there.
Hello, Mr. Raulman.
Want lemonade?
How about another?
This time, no ice, please.
Come right up.
One, nine, seventy-four.
Hey, Toby.
How long do we have to hold the ice?
I don't know.
A hundred and thousand...
...bizillion.
You know, I've been watching Angelica
and she got to lots of dimes in that cup.
You're right, Toby.
She sure does.
What is dimes anyway?
I don't know.
They're really pretty.
Yeah, and shiny.
I want some.
Me too.
You think she's good to share with us?
Sure, Chucky.
We're all playing lemonade together.
It wouldn't be fair if she didn't.
Why don't you ask her?
All right, I will.
The ten, the five.
Angelica, great.
Now I lost count.
What do you want?
Uh, Angelica,
we've been playing lemonade for a very long time now.
I was just thinking,
you're going to share those dimes with us, right?
Well, I guess I could,
if you really want me to,
but I...
Welcome to La Mencheligas.
How may I help you?
Thank you.
That's ten cents.
Please pull up to the window.
One lemonade.
Thank you.
Twenty cents.
Pull up to the window.
Two more lemonade.
Sting my boo-boo.
This thing is making my bottom sore.
Hi, Angelica.
What you doing?
Hello, Susie.
You all right?
Come on, time is dimes.
Um, I'm not really that thirsty.
Okay, if you're not buying,
you're flying next.
Faster.
Sour.
I mean...
Hi, Susie.
I'm sorry I'm talking out.
We're hoping Angelica
because her mommy and daddy is poor.
One lemonade.
Poor?
Yeah.
Her daddy is over there
digging for pennies.
Poor and digging for pennies?
Hey!
I got one.
Hey.
Angelica, are you trying to get
out of sharing your monies
with the babies?
I don't think that's none of your
beeswax.
Angelica, tell the truth.
You're not poor.
Well, they are, are you?
No, Angelica.
You lied to the babies
and that's bad.
All right.
So my mommy and daddy
ain't exactly poor.
But I'm a grown-up
and I need monies too.
So get back to work.
Next.
What should we do, Susie?
One lemonade.
Well, if it was me
and I wasn't getting any dimes
for all the lentils I was squishing,
I'd stop squishing.
Two more lemonade.
Listen, you gotta do it this way.
Firstly, you gotta pick a leader.
Nextly, the leader's gotta go
to Angelica to share those dimes
or all you babies are gonna stop squishing.
Then I pick you.
No, Tommy.
It has to be one of you babies.
Neither lemonade
nor cake.
Then I pick Tommy.
I pick Tommy.
I pick Rattar.
Or Tommy.
Then Tommy's the leader.
Well, I guess this is it.
I'm gonna go over there
and talk to Angelica.
Uh, Angelica?
Huh?
Could I talk to you for a second?
Talk.
You wanna talk?
Let's talk about where my lemon legs are.
But we want some of the dimes.
No dimes.
Now get your stinky diaper back there
and work, work, work.
But that's it.
Get back there or you're not playing lemonade.
Here, Tommy.
It's too much.
I buy stupid linems.
I never like cheese anyway.
Huh.
Eat another cookie.
Hi, Angelica.
Lemonade?
All right.
Here you go.
Thanks.
This one's on me.
Thanks for the lemonade, you guys.
Angelica, do you want to play lemonade with us?
You want me to play?
Yes, we all do.
Can I be the boss?
Um, we don't have any boss here.
We all do all the work
and we all eat all the cookies
and we eat all the dimes.
Guess you know what this means?
That one's on me.
But this one's on Chuckie.
Go!
Just can't control it.
Snick will be right back.
All our systems are top of one.
Is this man lying?
Is this woman hiding something?
Is this school mascot up to no good?
These are just a few of the usual suspects found in
the Wu Five.
What are you doing in here, Wu?
Missing persons.
Suspicious characters.
Freaky occurrences.
Sometimes it takes a kid to solve the tough mysteries
and that kid is Shelby Wu.
Nickelodeon's number one kid detective.
There's a different Wu file every Sunday night
on the mystery files of Shelby Wu.
This is special play.
Let's find these come to play.
Furways are beautiful girls who live in seashell houses.
And when they swim in your tub,
they mess with you.
they magically turn into mermaids.
All the shells come with their very own water torches
and special sea friends.
One Murray doll comes with each shell,
others sold separately.
They're the breakfast crew.
And this is our new deal for breakfast.
Everything will revolve around the toaster.
All foods will be foresighted.
We'll have no use for spoons,
except as nose guards.
Naturally, the official food of the breakfast crew
is anything but breakfast as usual.
It's Kellogg's Pop Tarts,
the funky frosting on top of real food filling
and side square pastry.
Part of this complete breakfast,
which if we had our way,
will be self-rising.
Because that breakfast Pop Tarts rule.
This is the Lego Mediac,
you're a technical copter.
Let's check in down on the track.
That's easy.
The drivers are getting tuned up,
geared up, and it's Rat Bungie Plaster.
Wow, wee!
How'd he do it?
Well, take another look at his picture.
Right here.
That's Giant Technic Robot.
The expert.
What a maniac!
New collection from Lego Technic.
Each set sold separately.
Pretty Part Cart of a Ferris Wheel
and Carousel Star Castles
are each sold separately,
but you can join them together.
I'd rather eat a thing or never take a stupid drug.
Drugs aren't cool, they can mess you up at school.
Drugs are a pain,
they can hurt your body and your brain.
A big ol' fuckwin' is better than any stupid drug.
They make you sad and your parents mad.
Drugs are dumb,
they make you clumsy, slow and numb.
I'd rather eat a thing or never take a stupid drug.
They make you sad and your parents mad.
Drugs are dumb,
they make you clumsy, slow and numb.
I'd rather eat a thing or never take a stupid drug.
Don't do drugs and never take a stupid drug.
The gang's all here.
Stick with us.
Blood isn't working right.
Water, hurry up Phil.
Two more brash,
I only got three teeth.
I wish it wasn't so hot.
Yeah, didn't used to be snowing.
Didn't everything was clean for a while.
Maybe the sky is broken.
I like it when it's hot.
It makes spikes tongue hang out.
Well, it just makes my legs all sweaty.
I wish my shorts were shorter like Phil's.
Ah, they still rub.
I got diaper-axed on my knees.
Well, I think the diaper is all any baby ever needs.
I don't know, Toby.
Ever since I started going on the potty
a diaper just doesn't feel right.
The rest of these are the bestest of all.
You don't rub, they're nice and cool
and you still got something over your diaper
for when pants come over.
Of course, you boys can't wear dressies.
We can't?
Boys wear pants and girls wear dressies.
Why do we got to wear different stuff?
Oh, that's why.
So, is Lil' enjoying your mommy
and daughter female empowerment class?
Oh, it's a blast, dude.
Yeah, today we're doing tumbling, jumping
and a let's take control of the Senate sing-along.
Hello, sweetie.
Ready to run some errands with mommy?
Why don't we meet up over at the park
at the International Food Fair, say, two o'clock?
Oh, two's peachy.
I can't wait to sink my pearly whites
into some of those Zambian monkey sweetbreads.
Woo-wee, mama.
So, listen, you think you can take these two jokers
to the park on your lawns in there, Howard?
Well, I suppose I...
Great. Have fun with Owie, guys.
Walk you out, dude.
Huh?
Woo-wee.
You know, my mom wears pants and she's a girl.
I guess that's true.
Well, if girls can wear anything they want,
then so can we.
Come on, Chucky, we're gonna try on a dressie.
Quite as beautiful. I have to be so hard.
Now we return to Tinkering with Toothpicks
on our hobby channel.
Hmm.
Guess I might as well see how I look.
Dressies are a lot cooler.
Fine, too.
If you turn it on fast enough, your dressie goes up.
Try it.
Fast enough?
You sure we'll be able to fly?
It's like a bear's soup.
You first. Thanks for catching me.
With my shorts off, I can go potty right away if I need to.
Yeah.
Well, I guess they make good jabbies, too.
And next week on Different Size Nails...
Oh, goodness gracious.
Hurry. At the park.
Your folks are probably taking you to the big food fair.
Oh, that's good. I'm kinda hungry.
I got some dummy worms in my lunchbox if you want some.
Yeah.
All right. What about your dad?
Are you okay?
Hey, Joey, where you going?
To get some candy for my friend.
Hey, you want to come sit with me instead?
Ah, I got chocolate.
Frankie, I saw her first.
Guys, we're not...
Ow, much chocolate.
Stay out of this.
I really like your dress.
Frankie, she's my friend.
Oh, Phil, shouldn't we tell them, Phil?
Your name is Phil?
Yeah, it's short for brilliant.
And this is, um, Chiquina.
Chiquina's a girl, too.
Isn't that right, Chiquina?
Well, um, should I have a word?
Sure.
Okay.
Oh, these are good.
See, dummy worms are better than chocolate.
So why don't you go swing or something?
Oh, come on, Joey.
There's two of them.
You can have the other one.
Want a shit? Like, go over.
Make me.
I will.
Two underwear?
Joey, you've been giving candy to a boy?
Well, you thought he was a girl, too.
Oh, yeah.
Let's get them.
Yeah.
Boys aren't supposed to be wearing dresses.
Wrong, Chucky!
What?
If the mobbies can wear our pants
and grown-ups can wear our diapers,
how come we can't wear dressies?
Um, because they'll beat us up?
There they are.
Oh, yeah.
Quick, Chucky, grab some.
Okay, everybody, time to get up
and dance the horror.
The horror? I don't know.
But I think everybody's naked.
We are not naked.
We're a squashed and fine-killed
shall wear in the fritz.
I want clown, are ya?
Um, I don't know.
But, uh, could you hide us?
Oh, you look at the muck.
There are the clown and the duck.
Let's give a cheater for the highlands.
Little nippers at 11 o'clock.
Yes, we found them.
Are they all right?
Looks like we got a little costume party going here.
I thought something was odd.
Tommy.
Well, now, looks like he wants to play, too.
All right.
Well, we're helping Chucky and Phil.
Thanks for the haggis.
What's that need of anybody?
Ship goods.
Well, bye-bye.
What do you see?
Coming up next,
Snick around for an all-new All That.
Musical guest MC Light.
All right.
As Snick continues.
The Biggest, Big Help is on ever.
A full weekend of Big Knicks shows,
big celebrities,
and your big chance to pledge your time
to make a big difference in the world.
Big Help, everyone!
So be a part of the Big Help Weekend.
Starts tonight at 8, 7 central,
only on Nickelodeon.
We'll see you next time.
Coming to video.
One of the all-time great movies is heading your way.
Crazy.
Walt Disney's The Jungle Book.
Hey!
Now, Mowgli.
Yeah, man!
Balloon.
Man, what a beat.
Beguera.
Oh, yes, yes.
And all their jungle friends can be your friends, too.
Who bit you?
I want to be like you.
It's the movie that can keep you dancing all day long.
One more time!
Yeah!
You can own Walt Disney's The Jungle Book.
Coming to video, rated G.
What a swing and party.
It's the galaxy's worst nightmare.
The Death Star for your action fleet.
Now you can command it all.
Imperial Shuttle, revealing a Death Star.
For the evil emperor and Darth Vader rule.
Moon Probot, fire!
The Death Star with a firing super cannon.
Gotcha, Skywalker.
And battle-damaged TIE fighter.
Return to Death Star.
The Death Star and ice-plated hot play sets.
More action for your Micro Machine Star Wars action fleet.
Micro Machine Star Wars action fleet play sets
Nickel and Six Figures.
You put it together.
Additional collections sold separately.
This year, a major change will take place in Alex Mack's life.
And he's pretty cool, too.
Don't miss the secret world of Alex Mack.
Every Tuesday and Thursday at 8-7 Central, cuz.
You're never done doing it, Nickelodeon.
Hey, Josh, what time is it?
8.30, why?
Because we ordered our food over two hours ago,
and it's still not here.
Is dinner here yet?
I'm starving.
Knee food.
What?
It's still not here.
Knee food.
What food do we order from?
Rogans.
Oh, my God.
Rogans always gets everything wrong.
Man, livery from Rogans.
Sorry, I was late.
I just didn't care.
Oh, sweet.
Hey, what?
Look here, look here.
I ordered a turkey sandwich with lettuce, right, right, right.
And they gave me a roast beef sandwich.
I can't eat this.
Oh, darn it.
I ordered spaghetti with meatballs.
And they gave me spaghetti with golf balls.
Oh, I ordered fried chicken, and I got a fire hole.
A fire hole?
Oh, that's so funny.
I wanted salad, and they gave me this wad of fried hair.
Well, you did better than I did.
I ordered a slice of pizza.
Right.
I got a foot.
Oh, darn it.
Guys, I ordered a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato, onions, mayonnaise, and mustard, right?
Yeah.
They gave me a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato, onions, mayonnaise, and brown mustard.
I said mustard.
Not brown mustard.
Can you believe this?
Um, you gonna eat this foot?
That's a good toe.
That'll be funny.
Press out the box.
Stop.
Look and watch.
Ready yet?
Get set.
It's all that.
I ordered a champion because no renew challenger, shall we?
Question number one.
Wait, wait, wait.
Hold your phone.
Yes, Antoine.
What are the rules?
Because you...
I can't win.
No.
Question number one.
Who am I thinking of?
I'm probably...
Oh, wrong.
The answer, of course, was 42.
But you said you were thinking of a person.
That doesn't make any sense.
How could we have known that?
Question number two.
How many shoes?
The answer was nine.
Nine shoes.
Why nine shoes?
You spoke out of turn.
That's a penalty of 5,000 points, Antoine.
But I haven't gotten any points.
And you never will.
Minus 5,000 for Antoine.
Question number five.
Three and four.
Wrong again.
Question number five.
Blippity, blippity, booty loo.
Blippity, blippity, moo.
Did you just say blippity, blippity, booty loo?
That is correct.
Now, what is your answer?
Uh...
Meatloaf?
The answer was meatloaf.
When I said meatloaf,
you know, Antoine said meatloaf.
But I didn't hear him.
Sorry.
Oh, so that's how it is.
See, I can't win with the man in charge.
Coming out down on Antoine.
All I want to do is win a pair.
But I'm not going to...
Antoine, Antoine, Antoine.
Put me out of the window.
Please.
Sound means it's time for the triple bonus round.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
I lose triple.
In the triple bonus round,
each of you will be given a physical task to be performed in 10 seconds.
Shelley, you're up first.
This is a banana.
You have 10 seconds to peel this banana
and fit it up your nose.
Say what?
9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 3.
You're up, sweetheart.
What do you do?
Megan, you have 10 seconds to teach this basset hound here
to speak Spanish.
On your marks, go!
Go, it's gone!
5, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Time's up.
Well, Mr. Doggy?
Megan, I am sorry, but you lose.
Get out of here!
Well, it looks like it is all up to Antoine.
Come here, fella.
Hey, Antoine.
You heard me say meatloaf.
Antoine, are you ready for your triple bonus round?
Okay.
Okay, Antoine.
You have an entire 10 seconds to eat this bowl of pudding.
5, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Now, Lori Beth Demberg with more vital information for your everyday life.
You have a friend who says,
I'm a little gumdrop and I like to push my face into things that are sharp and pointy
and you've got one weird friend.
I scream, you scream.
We all scream when we slam our hand in the car door.
If you have a pizza delivered, it's nice to tip the pizza man a dollar.
It's not nice to say, hey, thanks for the pizza.
Now, could you help me put it in my pants?
This has been Lori Beth Demberg with Vital Information.
I'm Shaq.
And he's here to host Nickelodeon Sports Theatre with inspiring stories about kids,
sports and what it takes to beat the odds.
Here, have a look.
In 1947, one man's triumph restores a young boy's dream.
I'm going to play shortstop for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
You're going to play for the Dodgers and I'm going to be the president.
Don't let the ugliness outside destroy the beauty within you.
Nickelodeon Sports Theatre, catch it.
Nickelodeon Sports Theatre with Shaq Keel O'Neal.
Next Saturday night at 9, 8 central on Snake.
On Nick.
The only bare work for you.
Drive deep into the Lost World Jurassic Park and experience.
Watch out for hidden headbutters at the Lost World Site B Fuel Depot.
Or they'll headbutt your Matchbox Humvee.
Break out to escape.
Now to the Matchbox Site B Garage.
Go up the tower.
Beware of raptors who attack from the ground.
But your Matchbox 4x4 traps one.
The Lost World Jurassic Park plays at some diecast vehicle sold separately from Matchbox.
Yo-ho, this is Monique.
French toast with a flip.
This is Ed the Waffle Head.
Hey, who are you calling a waffle head?
This is short stack.
Salute.
And this is Aunt Jemima, part of a complete breakfast.
Be a breakfast head with Aunt Jemima.
Join the club, get free stuff.
Free stuff?
Play it on me.
You could instantly win Nickelodeon prizes like this.
Aunt Jemima boxes for details.
Who turned out to lie?
Catch like a pro with a 4x sure grip.
I'm John L.A.
I'm just a kid.
But I can catch any pass from John L.A.
with the new 4x sure grip.
I'll go long.
4x the farthest flying football.
Now with Super Soft Foam for awesome catches every time.
And new Super Sounds with 4x Make Out.
The gang's all here.
Stick with us.
The Spinach American Polaroid.
Because I hear your whispers.
Sorry, Ms. Fingerly.
We were just whispering because we don't want you to hear us talk.
Stop interrupting.
The classroom is no place to exchange ideas and information.
Yes, Ms. Fingerly.
Now back to my pointless teachings.
In 1942, Colombo sailed the ocean blue.
Now who can tell me why Mrs. Colombo never once said...
Ah! Who interrupted?
Ah!
Corrupted.
Yes.
Yes, I did.
See, we were just so tired of your pointless teaching,
we decided to play some paper football.
But unacceptable.
Early lecture.
So you will see some paper sporting events
and stop interrupting.
Yes, Ms. Fingerly.
Now everyone knows that Australians
literally painted purple and then laughed at by monkeys.
No!
What now interrupts me?
Well, I just need some salt.
Hi.
For my spaghetti.
I make my super pot.
See.
Now put the pot of steaming noodles away.
School is no place for nervous mental.
And please, stop interrupting.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, hot, hot, hot.
Here you go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Represent, represent, kid.
Make it up.
Oh my.
Ms. Fingerly drooling.
Magic.
Behold.
Zacama.
Walla Walla room.
Yeah.
Why, hello.
Yes.
I hope the bus comes soon.
Hey, where you going?
Just love being on a bus.
Shoo, who done?
Oh my goodness, the bus is late.
Bus.
I don't know.
Only one thing to do.
You're right.
Let's call Squash Boy.
All right.
Squash Boy, I said.
Squash Boy.
You hear that, Mavis?
They call it for somebody named Squash Boy.
Yeah.
That's funny.
Never heard of a boy made entirely out of Squash Boy.
Oh, gotta see it.
Me neither.
I'm coming.
Come on, Clay.
Come on.
They don't know that.
Get on down.
How you doing, girl?
How you doing?
We're in the middle of a scene here.
Yeah, Ron.
Television.
Say what now?
That, Clayvis?
Yeah, some kind of crazy camera run.
Hello.
Gentlemen.
Brothers, you see me?
Gentlemen, gentlemen.
You guys are supposed to stay in the audience.
You're not allowed on stage.
Clayvis, Clayvis, help.
I'm being harassed by two crazy teenagers.
Me too, help me.
Help me, help me.
All right, what's the problem here?
Well, Officer Juan, these two hooligans is trying to beat up
me and my good friend, Clayvis.
No, no, no, that's not true.
We're actors.
We're trying to do a television show here.
Trying?
Officers!
Arrest these hooligans.
All right.
You actors are coming with me.
No, no, no.
I'm a member of the union.
No, hey, hey.
Hey, Clayvis.
What?
Now that we got those two hooligans arrested.
Hey, hey, hey.
Whoa.
Who's going to entertain the audience?
Well, I don't know, Clayvis.
Hey, what the?
Oh, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Get that no?
Uh, man.
No, you make me want to shout.
Come on, back and shout.
Come on, hands back and shout.
On my mouth.
Up and shout.
Get on.
Come on.
It's said to co-rock the party with MC Light and all that coming up next.
It's the galaxy's worst nightmare.
The Death Star for your action fleet.
Now you can command it all.
Imperial Shadow revealing the Death Star.
For the evil Emperor and Darth Vader rule.
Moon Probot, fire!
The Death Star with a firing super cannon.
Godshit, Skywalker.
And Battle Damage TIE fighter.
Return to Death Star.
The Death Star in ice planet hot play sets.
More action for your Micro Machine Star Wars action fleet.
Micro Machine Star Wars action fleet play sets
Exclusive vehicle and six figures.
You put it together.
Additional collections sold separately.
The news spread to every house in America.
Something big was coming to breakfast.
Hi Tony.
Hi there.
Don't all it needed now was the approval of just one man.
Your new Cocoa cereal, sir?
Good.
There we go.
Ship it.
New Chocolatey Frosted Kellogg's Cocoa Frosted Flakes cereal.
Part of this complete breakfast.
Now Frosted Flakes have gone Cocoa.
This is special place.
Furries are beautiful girls who live in seashell houses.
And when they swim in your tub,
they magically turn into mermaids.
All the shells come with their very own water torches
and special sea friends.
One mury doll comes with each shell,
others sold separately.
Oh my.
Cheesy.
Cheetos.
Dangerously cheesy.
Now I'm Crunchy Nacho.
Do you think of the prices here at Mars?
I've shopped around and Mars prices are the lowest.
This is why I shopped at Mars.
Great value.
Mars prices are lower than the other prices I shopped.
Mars is cheaper.
A lot cheaper.
Low, low prices.
Can't beat it.
They come out a winner every time.
That's Mars.
Lucky Leaf Apple Juice.
64 ounce bottle, 99 cents, limit one.
Edie's Grand Ice Creamer frozen yogurt,
half gallon, two for $5.
And Progresso Soup, selected varieties,
19 ounce scan, 99 cents.
Now through Tuesday at Mars.
Adventure World.
Call of Scream.
It's a whole new brew with more to do.
From cute and spooky to deeply creative.
You for the little monsters
is teeny scream at Skull Island.
With a hay-riding ride and more,
there's the Trigotree Trail and Midnight Express.
But for total terror,
the Hall of Horror Trail of Terror
was hair-raising rise.
Saved $10 on admission through October 12
with Kupons of Giant Food.
Adventure World's Hall of Scream.
All that is back.
Continue sticking.
What's up, y'all?
My name is Antoine.
I'm gonna tell y'all a little joke.
Uh, not, not.
Who there?
I say, not, not.
Antoine.
Antoine!
What it is.
You know how we do it.
Yeah, everybody clap it up.
Come on, give it, give it, clap.
Alright, now,
I first met the next guest
back in 1974
at Boogie Nights
in Chocolate City.
You know what I'm saying?
My man didn't doze me.
He said, yo, you know what that is?
I said, no, partner.
Who there?
He said, Antoine,
you need to go here
and give him round of style
for our musical guest,
MC Light.
Go there, baby.
Let's go.
You know what I'm saying?
I said, Antoine,
you need to go here
and give him round of style
for our musical guest,
MC Light.
Who there?
I said, Antoine,
you need to go here
and give him round of style
for our musical guest,
MC Light.
Who there?
I said, Antoine,
you need to go here
and give him round of style
for our musical guest,
Aww.
Look, Kel, you gotta do the show, man.
I can't do it all by myself.
But you don't have to. I got an actor.
What?
Murray!
What's up?
Look at me. I'm Kel.
Uh, no, you're not, man.
You don't look anything like Kel.
This guy can't play your part.
Come on, man. Murray's a great actor,
and he's funny, too. Come on.
Oh, quite funny indeed.
Yes, I am.
Hey, actually, who loves orange soda?
Well, I don't feel like asking him what's wrong with it.
He's trying.
Who loves orange soda?
Murray loves orange soda.
Is it true?
Heavens, yes.
I do, I do, I do, I do.
I'm sorry. Thanks anyway, though.
All right. Here I go.
Let's do the show.
Wait a minute, Kel.
How am I going to do the show with her ribs?
Oh, don't worry. We'll get your ribs fixed during the show.
This way, nutmeg.
Well, nutmeg, wait, wait. I'm not a spice kid.
I can't Murray do the show.
Come on, kiddin'.
Oh, here it goes.
Nurse?
Yes?
How's Kel? Is he okay? Where is he?
The doctor's just finishing up Kel's x-rays.
He'll be right in.
Oh, okay.
I broke my ribs.
Oh!
Broken ribs?
I doubt your ribs are broken. They're probably just bruised.
Bruised? Oh, Kel, may you scare me for nothing!
Kel, just have a seat up here.
The doctor will be with you in just a moment.
And, uh, you're going to need to fill this cup.
Kel, I don't think she's meant to fill the cup up with orange soda, bro.
Oh, she...
Hello, Kel. Who's this?
I'm Kenan. I'm his best friend.
I'm Dr. Goydor.
Oh, hi. So, how is he?
Well, let's take a look at Kel's x-ray.
Shall we?
Your ribs are just bruised, but...
But...
But Kel's insides appear to be bright orange.
Oh, well, see, Kel loves orange soda.
Is this true?
Mm-hmm.
I do, I do, I do, I do.
To turn your insides bright orange,
you'd have to drink four or five gallons of orange soda every day.
Yeah, Doc, so what's your point?
Doc!
Is Kel going to be okay?
Oh, of course. I just need to check a few things.
Now, Kel, stand up for me, please.
Oh, gee, Doc, I don't know. I'm in a lot of pain.
I can barely move.
Now, you have to help me mark you, Kel.
Doctor, I have Kel's shot ready.
Okay, easy.
And not me into the dope.
Easy, my bad.
Uh-uh.
You all right?
Ribs.
Uh-uh.
I better lay down.
All right. Take it easy now.
Uh-uh.
Oh, careful with your stuff.
Oh, okay.
All right.
You need anything?
You know, maybe just a little orange soda.
Hang on a second.
Uh-uh.
Hey, man.
Help me with this box.
Oh, heavy.
Chris, don't put your box down.
Oh, my mango jellies.
No!
Don't get broke by jars.
Don't yell at him.
His ribs are all bubberoosed.
Here's your orange soda.
Oh, thanks.
Bruce, ribs.
Ew.
Well, maybe you should take him to a doctor to get x-rayed.
Already done it.
Yeah.
You should have seen his x-rays.
His insides are bright orange.
They weren't that orange.
Oh, man.
Your insides are more orange than a Nickelodeon logo.
So?
So maybe you should quit drinking orange soda.
Maybe I will.
What do you mean that you couldn't quit drinking orange soda
if your life depended on it?
I could quit drinking orange soda anytime I want.
You couldn't go one day without drinking orange soda.
I mean, I could go a whole week without drinking orange soda.
False.
Want a bet?
You got a bet.
The bet is you got to go an entire week without drinking orange soda.
If you lose, then...
Then...
Then you got to stand on this head counter
in the middle of the daytime singing the national anthem
wearing nothing but a lady's nightgown.
Huh?
Okay.
But if I win, you have to do it.
You're on.
Hey, you're on.
All right.
Let's drink to it.
Ain't no shame in my game.
To the bet.
Hey.
Ah!
Orange soda.
Easy.
Yep.
Only cooked four steaks.
Not five steaks.
Four steaks.
Okay.
So you can have some of that.
All right.
Here's your bill.
Thank you.
Cal, I'll get you some orange soda.
Oh, that's okay.
No orange soda for me.
Cal!
No orange soda.
Come on, everyone.
Come on, come on, come on.
Everything's all right.
Put the phone down.
Cal, it's fine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We made a bet.
What kind of bet?
Well, I bet King and I can go a whole week without drinking orange soda.
What, what, what?
I can do it?
Oh, no, you can't.
Down.
Look at me.
I'm a man drinking orange soda.
What a man.
It's not nice to tease Cal by drinking orange soda in front of him.
Thank you, Mrs. Rockmore.
Yeah.
In fact, just so Cal won't be temperature,
why don't we pour this home bottle of sweet bubbly orange goodness
right down the drain.
Five orange soda.
Six.
Yep.
I'm going to win the bet.
Two.
Yeah.
Cal's going to lose.
Oh, yeah.
You like that, buddy?
Come on.
Now why don't you just take a little sip of orange soda
and get it over with?
No.
You're going to stay right here while I can keep my eye on you.
What, you don't trust me?
Let me think.
Nope.
Well, yeah, you can sleep in my room, orange boy.
Okay, well, I'll stay right here so you can watch me
not drink orange soda.
Oh, yeah, we'll see.
Yeah, well, I can't wait to see you singing songs
in a ladies' nightie when you lose the bet.
It's going to happen.
Oh, we'll see.
Look, I'm kidding.
In the ladies' nightie.
And I like wearing silk in my ladies' nightie.
Hey, Cal, what you doing?
Getting ready for bed.
Oh, well, in case you get thirsty
during the middle of the night,
you're going to have something like this.
Ah!
Back in a few minutes.
Who loves orange soda?
Cal doesn't love orange soda.
Is it true?
Mm-hmm.
Don't, don't, don't.
Stupid orange soda.
Who do you think you are?
Huh?
Acting all orange and carbonated.
I hate you.
Why, why don't you just get out of here?
Orange soda.
I hate orange soda.
Sweet orange soda.
Mr. Cal?
Your orange jacuzzi is ready, sir.
Thank you, Rockmore.
Yes, sir.
How's the orange soda, sir?
Wonderful.
How are you thirsty, sir?
Why, yes, I am.
Mr. Cal, I'd like some orange soda.
Very good, sir.
There you go.
Thank you.
What is this?
What's going on?
I'll give you some help.
Orange monster.
Just a dream.
Drink the soda.
No, no, no.
Let me see your tongue.
Well, your tongue ain't orange yet.
I told you I could go a whole day
without drinking orange soda.
That's just one day.
Yeah, that's right.
One day down.
You got six more.
Hey, you're loose.
I think not.
Freeze.
Walt Disney's The Jungle Book, coming to video October 14th.
Rated G, but a swing and party.
It's Melanie's World.
It's Melanie on Ice.
With the Melanie on Ice place that you skate
Melanie across the rink in beautiful costumes.
Great lift.
And Melanie has a skating partner,
so you can put together fabulous routines
and make her spin like a gold medal star.
Melanie skates single or with her best friends.
There's a snack bar and a locker too.
Melanie, your dreams come true
in Melanie's World.
Melanie on Ice place that you put everything you see here.
Other dolls sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Yesterday Georgie got Lego divers
and something happened.
First he built a boat.
It was a snap.
Legomania.
Then he built a whole underwater world
with a sea lab treasure and hidden dangers.
Now he was a Legomania.
A big shot.
Riding around in submarines,
hanging out with frogmen,
instant race,
sharks.
Sharks.
Exciting new diver's collection from Lego system.
Each set sold separately.
Here's the breakfast crew.
And this is our new deal for breakfast.
Everything will revolve around the tow strip.
All foods will be foresighted.
We'll have no use for spoons,
except as nose guards.
Naturally the official food of the breakfast crew
is anything but breakfast as usual.
It's Kellogg's Pop Tarts.
Everything on top of real food filling.
Inside square pastry.
Part of this complete breakfast,
which if we had our way,
would be self rising.
Because that breakfast Pop Tarts rule.
What do you think of the prices here at Mars?
The prices are cheaper than the other stores
and you get good quality.
Compared to most other stores,
I think they're a lot lower.
It is usually a good selection
and the prices are very good as well.
I like the prices.
I do save a lot.
That's why I come here.
That's Mars.
Lucky Leaf Apple Juice.
64 ounce bottle.
99 cents limit one.
Edie's grand ice cream or frozen yogurt.
Half gallon two for five dollars.
And progressive soup.
Selected varieties.
19 ounce can.
99 cents.
Now through Tuesday at Mars.
Wouldn't it be nice
if everything were guaranteed
like cable service?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Here's $20.
I'm sorry your table wasn't ready.
Your dinner will be free.
It would be nice.
But only your cable company
offers you these guarantees.
On time service appointments
or $20 refund.
Guaranteed.
And on time installation
or it's free.
Guaranteed.
Too bad everything isn't guaranteed
like cable service.
Sorry we're late folks.
This flight will be free.
Now back to Keenan and Kel.
Oh here it goes.
Why don't you call off the bed?
It's been three days.
So?
This is good for him.
Good.
Look at him.
Give him an orange soda.
He can have an orange soda
if he wants to lose the bet
and see the national anthem
in the ladies nightie.
How can you watch this?
Kel, what are you doing?
Suck it on an orange.
I'm not working.
Kel, listen.
If you want to get over your
craving for orange soda
I know how you can do it.
How?
Go see a hypnotist.
A hypnotist?
If it wasn't for my hypnotist
I would never have gotten
over my fear of sandwiches.
You're afraid of sandwiches?
Not anymore.
I'm going to Dr. Vermin here.
You should go see him.
I will.
Well then I'm going with you.
Keenan, you have work to do here.
Yes, can I help you gentlemen?
Yes, we're here to see
a Dr. Vermin.
He's a hypnotist.
Right.
Here, fill this out
and then on the back
write down the problem
that you're having
and how you'd like
the hypnotist to help you.
Okay.
All right?
Wow, cute dog.
Oh thank you.
His name is Dustin.
He's here to see
the hypnotist.
Wait a minute.
Oh yes.
Dr. Vermin hypnotizes people,
cats,
dogs,
lizards,
salmon.
You name it.
What's wrong with the dog?
Dustin is supposed to be
an attack dog
but he just lies around
like that all day.
I'm hoping Dr. Vermin
can hypnotize him
into being more aggressive
and ferocious.
Mrs. Felsenthal,
have you finished
Dustin's forms yet?
Oh yes, here you are.
Great.
Yeah, I'm finished too.
Okay, thank you.
Now both of you
follow me.
Kell, you're going to be
in room A
and Mrs. Felsenthal,
you can take Dustin into room B.
Then the hypnotist
will be with you shortly.
Okay.
Good luck, Kell.
Dustin.
All right.
You're right over here.
There you go.
Just make yourself at home.
Hello there.
Dustin.
Um, Dustin.
My name's Kell.
No, no, Dustin.
I realize you may feel
a bit uneasy
seeing a hypnotist.
Um, yeah.
But um...
Well, I see
you have an interesting
little problem.
Yeah, I have a problem.
Well, not to worry.
We'll have you acting
more aggressive in no time.
Aggressive?
Wait, wait.
You know, I'm just here
because I love my short...
Just sit back, Dustin,
and watch my whirling thing.
Your whirling thing?
I don't...
Now when I count to three,
you will go into a trance.
Okay.
One...
What?
Two...
Boy, you crazy.
Three.
Now, Dustin,
you will no longer be
afraid to be aggressive.
In fact,
whenever you hear a bell,
you will become
a fearless ferocious beast.
That's right, Dustin.
Excellent.
Whenever you hear a bell,
ferocious beast.
Ferocious beast.
Hey, we're back.
How did it go?
Did Dr. Furman hypnotize you?
Yeah.
Did it work?
You know, I don't know.
Excuse me?
Yes, Miss Quagmire.
Hey.
I would like
nine jars of milk.
Okay.
One, two,
three,
four,
five,
six,
seven,
eight,
nine,
nine jars of mayonnaise.
Extra chunky.
I don't know where that means.
Yes, we do.
In the back, Keenan,
give me a hand, will you?
Okay.
Hey, what's shaking, Quagmire?
I need change for a dollar.
Will you get it for me, please?
All right, yeah.
I'll just get it out the way.
Yeah, no.
We close at eight o'clock.
All right, please.
Hey, Miss Quagmire,
here's your mayonnaise.
Keep your stinking mayonnaise.
No problem.
I don't know.
Oh, well, Keenan,
help me put these jars back.
All right.
Hello.
Do you work here?
No, what's your name?
Well, I'm the band instructor
at Brimfield Elementary School
and our bus broke down.
I was wondering if I could use your phone.
Right over there, did you?
Thank you.
Okay.
So, you in the band?
No, I'll just use this to make toast.
I play the triangle.
Okay, kids,
we have a taxi coming to pick us up
in just a few minutes.
Hey, guys.
How you doing?
You all right?
How's it going?
Oh, yeah.
Fellas?
Hold back!
What's the matter with you?
Well, what's the matter with you?
Well, I was the one with a soda on my face.
Ha!
I bet you drank it.
Out of a dog, Miss.
That means you lose the bet.
Now, put on a ladies' nightie,
get on that counter,
and start singing.
Oh, wait a minute.
I didn't drink anything out of there.
Yes, you did.
Right out of that dish,
you were acting like a becrazed dog.
Why would I act like a becrazed dog?
Because I switched the forms
that the hypnotist office had.
You lose the bet.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
You cheated.
So, you still drank the soda.
You used it.
But I don't remember drinking any soda.
So, you cheated.
So, that means you...
Pray not.
Pray so.
Why don't we just let Chris decide who lost?
Okay, whatever Chris decides goes.
All right.
Chris?
Well, you obviously...
No, but he actually...
Ladies and gentlemen,
Keenan and Kel.
Thank you for coming
and checking out Keenan and Kel.
Was it a happy experience?
Yes!
All right, well, I guess that's it.
Wait just a minute.
I want to know what it was
that made me turn into a dog.
A dog?
What?
Are you going to tell me?
This?
What's that?
Yes.
You quit.
All right.
Well, you quit turning me into a dog.
Okay.
You know, I got a better idea
for some more fun anyway.
Once I grab an alleged toothbrush
and I turn away
and meet me in St. Louis.
Louis?
Get it?
Louis.
Shit.
No way.
I will not go on another one
of your disastrous situations.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, it's not going to happen.
No, I'm putting my foot down, buddy.
Oh.
Here it goes.
Anna Kale was recorded in front of a live audience
at Nickelodeon Studios in Orlando
at Universal Studios, Florida.
Strongest power is the same as yours.
It's not saffing or morphing.
It's helping.
Please do whatever you can
to make the big help even bigger.
A boy with a dream
is now a man on a mission.
Astronaut Grant Randall.
We're going to Mars.
He may not have the training.
Hello, my little hairball.
He may not have the skill.
Good luck, Astronaut Randall.
But that won't stop him.
Whoopsie.
In the man, friend.
From shooting for the stars.
Put on the pork side, mama.
We're coming home.
Houston's Rocket Man.
Be careful.
You don't get sucked out when you flush.
Wait and see.
Starts Friday, October 10th
at a theater near you.
It's Doodle Bear with tie-dye fun.
Yeah, I'm the Doodle Bear.
Check out my t-shirt and cap.
Now you can doodle and tie-dye.
As easy as a snap.
Doodle funny stuff.
Use my markers to tie-dye.
Anything you do
makes me look like one cool guy.
I'm the Doodle Bear.
Doodles and tie-dye.
Cool looking Doodle Bear.
Wash me clean and then
you can doodle and tie-dye again.
Doodle Bear with tie-dye fun.
Doodle Bear with tie-dye fun
comes with Doodle T-shirt,
Cap and Markers.
Each bear sold separately.
The view spread to every house in America.
Something big was coming to breakfast.
Can you tell me?
Hi there.
All admitted now
was the approval of just one man.
Your new cocoa cereal, sir?
Good?
Good.
There we go.
Chip it.
New chocolatey frosted Kellogg's
cocoa frosted flake cereal.
Part of this complete breakfast.
Now frosted flakes have gone cocoa.
Chips are hard.
A thousand chips.
Delicious.
The best.
Assume the crash position.
Hold on tight.
Take a deep breath
for a new kind of cartoon show.
Toons and comics collide.
Now to take you inside
and turn the pages.
Here are your hosts,
Henry and June.
Hey there, Ka-Blamoids.
Welcome to Ka-Blam.
The comic book where we turn the pages for you.
My name's Henry.
And that would be June.
Page King 2000.
Take a seat, Henry.
We'll be page flipping Nimrods no more,
Henry.
Observe.
It's a lie.
We'll be too many pages.
Wasn't that Ka-Blamo?
Sure was.
Say, could I see that for a second?
And now on with the show.
Here are two guys worth their weight in body parts.
Sniz and fondue.
Aw, come on, Sniz.
You're not even making an attempt.
Once again,
my hand's holding the room as a minute hand.
My free hand is for each hour.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
Sniz, you gotta learn time.
It's for your own good.
Well, excuse me
for not giving three squats.
Come on, Sniz.
We made this big, dummy clock
so you could finally learn.
Yeah, who's got the time?
Besides, you guys always have the answers I need.
That's the whole point of this instruction.
One day we may not be around to do everything for you.
When you talk,
Fui, my ears go off duty.
Coming up on television.
Up up and hooray.
Hot air ballooning, a special report.
Tonight at seven.
Snap me down.
I'm joneson for altitude.
Yeah, a large pie with mushrooms
and Rony.
Rony, man. Pepper Rony.
Fondue, I need the time.
Shh, I'm on a business call here.
What time do you have?
I'm kind of busy here, pal.
Why don't you ask Fondue?
Fondue?
Look, we're doing this for Sniz's own good.
Don't blow it.
It's cool.
I'm chill. I'm chill.
Saturday.
What's on the leisure agenda?
Oh, what's this?
Dear Sniz, we're going ballooning.
Meet us at the park at 10 a.m. sharp.
Love your roommates.
Fruits? Why didn't they wake me up to go with them?
And let's see, six little points before a longer stick
and two points for the little...
Oh, man, I can't believe we're lifting off without Sniz.
Alright, I can.
Tough love, digging.
What time is it?
It's, uh... it's...
Oh, never mind.
What?
Sir, yo, sir, I need the time!
Not...
It says, don't tell me time, moron.
They're trying to teach me a lesson
and it just dribbled fruit.
Where'd he go?
Move two knots closer and I'll jump it.
Two what?
I can make it! I gotta go wide, though!
No, no, Sniz!
That was wide? That is deep.
Oh my goodness, it's moving.
It's a clock, you idiot.
I'd be way scared.
There's a little door you can crawl through.
If you can just hang on till 10.30.
But it's only 10.05.
That's a whole 25 minutes from now!
How did I know that?
A little yes is actually telling time.
10 after 10, I did it again!
10.15, I'm a time-telling machine!
10.29, and I'm working the rhymes!
It's 10.30, snap me down, I'm feeling pregnant!
Time?
Oh...
Ka-blam Abdul-Jabbar!
Did you see the way Sniz and Fondue took off?
In cartoon lingo.
That's called the whoosh.
We're taking a course in cartoon running.
Watch this.
This is called the bongo run.
Hey, how do we turn it off?
Easy.
Hey, Chet, deep six the bongos.
Next up, you know it.
You love it.
The ever-popular mid-air spin.
Henry?
Yipes!
Here come the evil space monsters.
Evil space monsters!
Notice the mid-air spinning.
While June runs for her life, you stay right where you are
for the spastic, plastic adventures of Action League Man.
Dateline, the mayor's office.
Two intrepid action leaguers try to shed some light
on his dishonor's next evil exploit.
Bingo.
It's the formula the chief's been after.
Good work, mount man. Now hurry.
Man, the chief's gonna kiss me when he sees these.
Hey, maybe I should be in a shot.
Mount man, you idiot. What are you doing?
Hey, thunder girl, how about a picture of me for your wallet?
Ah, my eyes.
Cool. Look at all these spots.
Oh.
Ha!
Just like in the movies.
Action League Now.
Starring the flesh.
He's super strong and super naked.
Thunder girl.
She flies like thunder.
Stinky diver.
A former navy commando with an attitude as bad as his odor.
And mount man with the power tool.
Melt.
Today's episode.
Nightmare on memory lane.
We find our heroes at an action vigil
as melt man fights to hang on.
Oh, isn't there anything we can do?
Like what, thunder girl?
I don't know, play charades.
We're bored to tears.
These are gaining consciousness.
Ah, what? Where am I? Who am I?
Blimey, melt man forgot who he is.
I also forgot to remove the lens cap.
These photos are worthless.
But chief, Melty said it was the formula you'd been looking for
and that you would kiss him.
Hey, you never kiss me.
Blast it. If that formula is what I think it is,
we've got to get melt man's memory back.
Build a lab guy, analysis.
Hey, you're naked.
I'm afraid melt man has amnesia.
There's nothing I can do.
Well, maybe.
But it's still in experimental stages.
That's a chance we'll just have to take.
And so, with a top secret formula at stake,
the action league delicately probe
the inner recesses of melt man's mind.
Ha!
Melt man, who are you?
What's the formula?
I don't know, but can we play another game?
Oh, nothing's working.
Will melt man ever regain his memory?
Will the secret formula in his melted head
ever resurface?
Stay tuned for the action-smacked conclusion
of action league now.
Hey, Coplamoids.
Keep your hyner in the recliner.
Still to come, life with loopy.
Prometheus and Bob.
And more action league now.
Right here on Coplam.
You can control it.
Sneak will be right back.
Arnold.
You're really smart.
Gerald.
You're the man of the world, my brother.
They hang together.
Yeah, Arnold, this is the life.
They boogie together.
They're friends.
Friends very much.
Absolutely.
Watch Gerald Johansson and Arnold, uh, Arnold.
Wait, what is his last name?
Catching all new, hey Arnold.
Every Monday and Wednesday night at 8, 7 central.
Only on Nickelodeon.
Coming to video.
One of the all time great movies is heading your way.
Crazy.
Walt Disney's The Jungle Book.
Hey.
Now, Mowgli.
Yeah, man.
Blue.
Man, what a beat.
Beguera.
Oh, yes, yes.
And all their jungle friends can be your friends too.
Who bit you?
I want to be like you.
Who?
It's the movie that can keep you dancing all day long.
One more time.
Yeah.
You can own Walt Disney's The Jungle Book.
Coming to video.
Rated G.
What a swinging party.
Take care of me, trip.
Let's erode my sleep.
Let's take a peek at these new little creeps.
Uh-oh, one is crying.
And the mom knows what to do.
Now another baby's crying.
She wants to be fed too.
Baby number three is a little boy.
A kiss and hug will turn its tears to joy.
Take care of me, triplets.
They're so much fun because you're caring for three.
Instead of just one.
Take care of me, trip.
Better is not included.
Cheesy.
Cheetos.
Dangerously cheesy.
Now I'm crunchy nacho.
Hot Wheels.
Lead the way.
Got a really big job?
Roll in Hot Wheels Mega Rig.
A truck that transforms into a whole construction site.
Mega Rig.
It's got everything you need to get the job done.
So you can dump it, mix it, hook it and haul it.
Or build up the crane and wrecking ball and smash things down.
You can always get the job done with Mega Rig.
A whole construction site in one.
A whole construction site comes with everything you see here.
Only from Hot Wheels.
Hey, Kaplanhoy.
Henry and June are ready to snick.
So hop on the couch.
Kaplanh!
Action League.
Now.
Memories like the corners of Meltman's mind.
Forgotten, including the secret formula.
With every option exhausted, the League gambles
on a daring solution.
Your eyelids are heavy.
You're growing sleepy.
When I snap my fingers, you will be whoever I tell you to be.
I will be whoever you tell me to be.
Woof, woof.
No.
I was afraid of this.
Afraid of what?
He's cured.
No, he isn't.
He thinks he's a dog.
Here, Melty.
Here, boys.
Woof.
Bark, bark.
Woof, woof.
Bark, bark, bark.
Get him back here.
Everything depends on that formula.
Bark, bark.
Woof, woof.
Bark, woof.
Bark, bark.
Woof, woof.
Meltman, come on.
Come on.
Bark, bark.
Woof, woof.
Ow.
Oh, melted.
Sweet.
Melted.
Crumpled.
Meltman.
Don't tell me.
I've gone to heaven, and all the angels up here look like thunder girl.
Melt is back.
I liked him better as a dog.
Oh, Meltman.
I need you to try and remember the formula you photographed.
Formula?
The formula?
Think, Meltman.
The future of this planet rests in your head.
Come on, Melty.
You can do it.
Thank you.
Wait.
It's coming back.
Two sticks butter and three cups flour.
Two cups chocolate chips.
Blimey.
The mayor's recipe for chocolate chip cookies.
I've been after it for years.
Meltman, I can kiss you.
Me too.
Chief, are you okay?
Huh?
Who are you calling chief, Blondie?
Hey, you're naked.
B-N.
Amnesia.
Not pretty.
What if we have a two?
How would we know?
June.
Quick.
What did you get for your birthday seven years ago?
I don't remember.
Amnesia must cure.
I remember.
It was this official Prometheus and Bob space helmet.
And wouldn't you know it?
It's our next cartoon.
What you're about to see is top secret.
It is a videotape recorded 900,000 years ago
by an alien using a remote controlled camera.
It shows his attempts to educate a caveman.
They have been codenamed the Prometheus and Bob tapes.
Tape 37.
Bridge.
Uh.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha!
End.
New episodes every Friday at 8, 7 central.
Kenner puts more power than ever in the power of the Force!
With all new Power FX figures with electronic movie lights and sounds!
Blaze across Tatooine with Power FX R2D2!
Control his secret missions along with his droid lights and sounds!
And only Kenner brings you the real movie lights and action of Power FX Darth Vader and Power FX Luke Skywalker!
Join them as their lightsabers glow their destiny in your hands in this ultimate battle of good versus evil!
Nobody does Star Wars like the Power of the Force!
New Power FX figures eat so separately from Kenner!
Honeycomb, honeycomb! Me want honeycomb!
The crazy craving for honeycomb!
Yeah, I can see it now!
Honeycomb is so sweet and crunchy like toasted honey!
Yeah, toasted honey!
Uh oh, I am hungry!
Let's get some honeycomb now!
Toast honeycomb cereal is part of this nutritious breakfast!
Honeycomb!
Now back to Ka-Pam!
Hey Ka-Blamoids!
Now's the time in our show where we take a look at some surprising shorts!
Hey!
Surprising!
Not those kind of shorts!
This guy!
Here's a little something we like to call...
Our next cartoon!
Hi, I'm Larry. This is my grubby little sister, Loopy.
And this is her sworn enemy.
Loopy! Bath time!
Now, Loopy's always thinking up reasons to avoid taking baths.
And a couple of months ago, she finally hit Pater.
Why do I have to take a bath when I'm just gonna get dirty again?
Well, nobody had a good answer for that one.
And so the battle of the bath began.
At first, we didn't take the situation too seriously.
But by the sixth day, the odor wasn't the only thing growing.
Honey, there's something bulbous sprouting out of Loopy's head.
Hmm, better bath would feel pretty good right now, eh, champ?
Well, don't let me stop ya!
By the end of the week, Loopy had turned into a walking produce stand.
Now, for some people, this wasn't such a bad thing.
What's fresh today, Loopy?
Uh, zucchini's coming along nicely.
And the potatoes are Idaho good.
Ooh, I'll make Julian fries.
Enough's enough, young lady.
As long as you're living in this house, you're gonna take a bath like everyone else.
Okay, then I'll go live in the yard.
Now, I had my doubts about this at first.
But I gotta admit, all that fresh air and sunlight did wonders for her.
And I guess I wasn't the only one who noticed.
Good morning, sir.
I'm pleased to inform you that we're turning your daughter into a state park.
Excuse me?
That's right, there'll be guided tours, picnic sites.
Now, hold on there, mister.
Hamping grounds, nature trail.
Hey, that's my daughter you're talking about.
Oh, and have I mentioned your official head ranger hat.
Now we're talking.
I hereby declare the Loopy-Lation National Forest officially open.
Tourist, nature boy, off time.
Would anyone be interested in taking a look at my Civil War chess set?
That's how the battle of the bath came to an end.
But you know, another battle's about to begin.
Cause somebody's been hogging the tub for two straight days now.
Hey, turn up and hurry it up in there.
Go sit in the sink, stinky pits.
Come back, Ka-Blamoids.
We're having our own tournament, the Transcontinental Mini Classic.
And I'm gonna win.
It all started on a freeway off run up near Ho-Kocus, New Jersey.
And ends here at the last hole.
The Grand Canyon.
All Henry has to do is sink this putt and he will have beaten June for the first time.
In any case...
Would you be quiet, Ka-Blamo-Mouth?
It's the show, everyone. On behalf of Henry and me, farewell, sleep tight.
And may all the Ka-Blam bugs fight.
Oops.
Winsome, loosome.
We'll catch you later.
Join us again next time.
Same Ka-Blam time, same Ka-Blam network.
Express Loom. Only $9.95 for an oil change with Quaker State Oil and Filter.
There's never a wait at One Stop.
Just bring in your car and relax.
One Stop may be big, but personal attention and complete satisfaction are guaranteed.
One Stop Auto and Tire Center.
Call for this week's tire specials.
If you really want to treat your family and friends special,
come to Arirang, Hibachi Steakhouse and Sushi Bar,
a great place to celebrate any special occasion.
You'll enjoy an exciting dining experience
where dishes are prepared at your table by our expert chefs
with only the finest in steak, chicken and seafood delights.
And try our famous Sushi Bar.
Great food, beautifully presented.
Tastes so much better.
So yes, it's great for parties, but you might just want to treat yourself.
Arirang, Hibachi Steakhouse. Excitement you can take.
Coming to video.
Come on, Baggy. Get with the beat.
He's one of the swingin'est.
Swingin'est party celebrations in the jungle.